Psalm 79 a psalm of Asaph Oh God
Psalm 79 a psalm of Asaph Oh God the nations have come into your
the nations have come into your
the nations have come into your inheritance your holy temple they have
inheritance your holy temple they have
inheritance your holy temple they have defiled they have laid Jerusalem in
defiled they have laid Jerusalem in
defiled they have laid Jerusalem in heaps the dead bodies of your servants
heaps the dead bodies of your servants
heaps the dead bodies of your servants they have given as food for the birds of
they have given as food for the birds of
they have given as food for the birds of the heavens the flesh of your Saints to
the heavens the flesh of your Saints to
the heavens the flesh of your Saints to the beasts of the earth their blood they
the beasts of the earth their blood they
the beasts of the earth their blood they have shed like water all around
have shed like water all around
have shed like water all around Jerusalem and there was no one to bury
Jerusalem and there was no one to bury
Jerusalem and there was no one to bury them we have become a reproach to our
them we have become a reproach to our
them we have become a reproach to our neighbors a scorn and derision to those
neighbors a scorn and derision to those
neighbors a scorn and derision to those who are around us how long for it will
who are around us how long for it will
who are around us how long for it will you be angry forever will your jealousy
you be angry forever will your jealousy
you be angry forever will your jealousy burn like fire pour out your wrath on
burn like fire pour out your wrath on
burn like fire pour out your wrath on the nations that do not know you and on
the nations that do not know you and on
the nations that do not know you and on the kingdoms that do not call on your
the kingdoms that do not call on your
the kingdoms that do not call on your name where they have devoured Jacob and
name where they have devoured Jacob and
name where they have devoured Jacob and laid waste his dwelling place
laid waste his dwelling place
laid waste his dwelling place oh do not remember former iniquities
oh do not remember former iniquities
oh do not remember former iniquities against us
against us
against us let your tender mercies come speedily to
let your tender mercies come speedily to
let your tender mercies come speedily to meet us for we have been brought very
meet us for we have been brought very
meet us for we have been brought very low help us O God of our salvation for
low help us O God of our salvation for
low help us O God of our salvation for the glory of your name and deliver us
the glory of your name and deliver us
the glory of your name and deliver us and provide atonement for our sins for
and provide atonement for our sins for
and provide atonement for our sins for your name's sake why should the nations
your name's sake why should the nations
your name's sake why should the nations say where is their God let there be
say where is their God let there be
say where is their God let there be known among the nations in our sight the
known among the nations in our sight the
known among the nations in our sight the avenging of the blood of your servants
avenging of the blood of your servants
avenging of the blood of your servants which has been shed let the groaning of
which has been shed let the groaning of
which has been shed let the groaning of the prisoner come before you according
the prisoner come before you according
the prisoner come before you according to the greatness of your power preserve
to the greatness of your power preserve
to the greatness of your power preserve those who are appointed to die and
those who are appointed to die and
those who are appointed to die and return to our neighbors Sevenfold into
return to our neighbors Sevenfold into
return to our neighbors Sevenfold into their bosom their reproach with which
their bosom their reproach with which
their bosom their reproach with which they ever approached you O Lord
they ever approached you O Lord
they ever approached you O Lord so we your people and sheep of your
so we your people and sheep of your
so we your people and sheep of your pasture will give you thanks forever
pasture will give you thanks forever
pasture will give you thanks forever we will show forth your praise to all
we will show forth your praise to all
we will show forth your praise to all generations
generations
generations you